README.md, before:

# Let-s_Make_a_PROJECT

*End sem project for JIIT Noida by 1st year students of a my group.    
*Before getting started add yoour name to contrtibutors (though only the members of the group are approved to amke any edit in this repository)  
*The name should be Addded in same format as Neo Anoman is added then only the pull request shall be merged.  
# All structures used in project  
1. User  
contains:-  
id (int)  
name (char string)  
password (char string)  
2. stat  
contains:-  
id (int)  
tscore(struct)  
fscore(struct)  
wscore(int)  
3. tscore:-  
percent_comp(float)  
time_tkn(timestamp)
4. fscore:-  
accuracy(float)
# Work aloted to Utsav_Blaze  
1st add your name to contributors.md  
then check iswsues of this repository your work is described there with your name on it)  
Your deadline is one month but I expect this in 1 week if possible (at max)  
# Work aloted to Dev_Agarwal  
1st add your name to contributors.md  
then check iswsues of this repository your work is described there with your name on it)  
Your deadline is one month but I expect this in 1 week if possible (at max)  
<br>
# The pull request should only be made when work is finished and you checked it on your offline workstation....

Commit message:

Krishare's work is updated to the repository

README.md, after:

# Let-s_Make_a_PROJECT

*End sem project for JIIT Noida by 1st year students of a my group.    
*Before getting started add yoour name to contrtibutors (though only the members of the group are approved to amke any edit in this repository)  
*The name should be Addded in same format as Neo Anoman is added then only the pull request shall be merged.  
# All structures used in project  
1. User  
contains:-  
id (int)  
name (char string)  
password (char string)  
2. stat  
contains:-  
id (int)  
tscore(struct)  
fscore(struct)  
wscore(int)  
3. tscore:-  
percent_comp(float)  
time_tkn(timestamp)
4. fscore:-  
accuracy(float)
# Work aloted to Utsav_Blaze  
1st add your name to contributors.md  
then check iswsues of this repository your work is described there with your name on it)  
Your deadline is one month but I expect this in 1 week if possible (at max)  
# Work aloted to Dev_Agarwal  
1st add your name to contributors.md  
then check iswsues of this repository your work is described there with your name on it)  
Your deadline is one month but I expect this in 1 week if possible (at max)  
# Work aloted to Krishare  
1st add your name to contributors.md  
then check iswsues of this repository your work is described there with your name on it)  
Your deadline is one month but I expect this in 1 week if possible (at max)  
<br>
# The pull request should only be made when work is finished and you checked it on your offline workstation....
